This city has many soju brands.
Hence all these glasses.
DAESUN, JOEUNDAY, C1
There he is.
HAEUNDAE GRILLED SEAFOOD
Hi!
-Have a seat.
-Nice to meet you.
PAIK JONG-WON
HAN JI-MIN
Did you arrive today? Just now?
I left Seoul this morning
so I arrived earlier in the day.
I already had milmyeon.
Where at?
Near Busan Station.
I searched for a famous place.
-You like foodie spots.
-Yes.
I've actually been
to the restaurant next door.
-You have?
-Yes.
-When I visited with my family.
-I see.
I've been to another famous one
up the street.
You must be hungry.
Everyone's having
the assorted grilled clams.
I can honestly eat anything.
-Really?
-I mean it.
I don't know how to address you.
FIRST TIME MEETING
Seonbaenim? Mr. Paik?
Actually, call me seonbaenim.
-Didn't you major in social welfare?
-Yes.
-So did I.
-I see.
Then I'll call you seonbaenim.
-Do you eat…
-Seoul Women's University?
Right.
We majored in the same course.
-We're comrades.
-Nice.
Mrs-- Wait. That's not it.
Ma'am!
We'll order now.
-Squid hoe?
-How about the assorted grilled clams?
-That's good too.
-We'll get that then.
-Drinks? You can order for both of us.
-Sure.
I always order Daesun when I'm in Busan.
-What other soju brand is from Busan?
-Daesun and C1.
C1, there's Joeunday too.
-Right.
-I did their commercial.
-Let's order that one.
-No, let's get Daesun.
-And I--
-We'll get Daesun.
-I like to start with somaek.
-We'll get some beer too.
SOMAEK TYPE
-You like somaek?
-Cass, please.
-He's the face of the brand.
-I mean--
-I like Cass.
-We don't have to.
-So Daesun and Cass?
-Cass is good.
I always start with somaek.
You start with soju bombs. I do too.
-I start with three shots of somaek.
-Great.
-We're similar that way.
-Really?
I start with soju bombs too.
No matter who you're drinking with,
it's better to get tipsy quickly.
Alcohol makes you open up.
Can you drink a lot?
I wouldn't say I'm a lightweight.
Goodness, I feel intimidated.
DAESUN, CASS
DAESUN
C1
IPSAEJU, CASS
-So I brought this.
-What's that?
Guess what it is?
-So…
It's my drinking secret.
I have no clue.
It's milk thistle extract.
-You take it before drinking?
-Right.
And one more next morning.
-That's how they sell it now?
-Yes.
I've tried others, but this works best.
-You're serious about drinking.
-I don't want you to suffer tomorrow.
-Good. Let's take it now.
-Okay.
Whenever I go on a family trip…
My family likes to drink.
My dad not so much, but my mom, my sister
and her husband can drink.
When my mom arrives at a restaurant,
she hands out antacids for everyone.
-Quite aggressive.
-Yes.
So we'd take one each
to chase away the alcohol from yesterday
and start anew.
ALCOHOL ENTHUSIAST
CHASE AWAY THE ALCOHOL FROM YESTERDAY
So it's like a family ritual for drinking.
TO DRINK AGAIN TODAY
-Shall I? Or would you like to do it?
-You can make the first one.
I'll make the next one.
Do you tap the bottle?
I used to, but not anymore.
Like this. That hurts.
-Shall I?
-Sure.
How do you like your somaek?
Strong or weak?
Not too much beer.
I don't want to get full.
I like to drink it in one go.
Exactly.
We have similar tastes.
-Just up to the line.
-Perfect.
-Cheers! It's nice to meet you.
-Likewise.
I love the way it goes down
on an empty stomach.
Me, too.
Do people in other countries
mix drinks like this too?
Back when I rarely had a chance
to go abroad and didn't really know,
I thought we, Koreans, liked to mix drinks
because we're so impatient.
I was wrong.
They do it too. You see it in movies.
-They do, too?
-They do.
I'm not a huge movie person,
but I'm into fishing.
There's a movie
with a lot of fishing scenes
called A River Runs Through It,
with Brad Pitt.
There's a scene
where they drop a shot of whiskey
into a glass of beer and drink it.
-Really?
-Yes.
And in the end,
the shot glass makes the clanking sound.
-Here you go.
-Thank you.
It warms you up as soon as you drink it,
kind of how a boiler works.
-I see.
-Hence the name, "Boilermaker."
BOILERMAKER
But there are records that show
our ancestors mixed drinks too.
During the Joseon dynasty
people mixed makgeolli and soju.
-This is diluted soju.
-Right.
Have you tried Andong soju?
No, I haven't.
It's 40 percent ABV.
-I see.
-Traditional soju contains more alcohol.
That mixed with makgeolli.
LIQUOR, BEER
SOJU, MAKGEOLLI
They drank makgeolli
mixed with traditional soju.
-It must've been very strong.
-Right.
Soju is 40 ABV
and makgeolli is about 11 or 12.
It's stronger than our soju bomb.
They called it "hondonju"
because it fuddles you.
HONDONJU
POUR A GLASS OF SOJU
INTO WARM MAKGEOLLI
AND DRINK IT
WHEN THE SOJU FLOATS TO THE TOP
THIS IS HONDONJU
IF RED SOJU IS USED,
IT'S CALLED JAJUNGHONG
JOSEON'S BEST NEW COOKING METHOD
One more? Or do you want soju?
-One more, please.
-I'll make you one.
Thank you.
Feel free to use your own recipe.
Have you heard of "cream somaek"?
-"Cream somaek"?
-Yes.
No, what is it?
I've broken a glass while doing it,
so I'm not too confident.
-And now…
-So far, it's the same.
Right.
And now we make the "cream," the foam.
Put this in. I'm sure you've seen this.
Oh, that!
You know, right?
It makes it so smooth. This looks perfect.
When people watch this show,
they'll get the wrong idea.
-Why?
-They'll think you're an expert.
Isn't it smooth? It goes down so smoothly.
-It's much smoother, right?
-Wow.
Were you in a liquor ad? How do you…
To be honest
-I was a late bloomer.
-How late?
I didn't start drinking a lot
until I was in my late 20s.
That scares me a bit.
But I only started drinking often
after I turned 30.
I learned these things.
I work with a lot of young people on set.
-Right.
-So I learned it all from them.
-Shall we drink soju now?
-Yes.
GRILLED CLAMS
We get scallops, too?
-Scallops and…
-The clams are underneath.
-I love scallops.
-These are quahogs.
Yes, these.
Eat these last.
They get watery and put out the fire.
-Save the priciest ones for the last?
-Is that it?
Scallops, pen shells, and quahogs.
These are small pen shells.
These are caught in our sea
and these are imported.
This one's saying,
"I was caught in Korea."
I heard you.
-Wait.
-Here's a pair of tongs.
This looks so good!
Can I just eat it?
-You can dip it in chojang.
-I see.
Everyone's eating this.
It's good.
-Time for some butter.
-Okay.
So you weren't drinking
when grilled clams were in trend.
When was that?
I think they were popular
either in the late 80s or 90s.
I was born in 1982.
-I was too young.
-You see it in movies.
A couple goes on a blind date,
put on gloves, squat down,
and eat grilled clams.
It was a huge trend.
There were so many places in Seoul
that specialized in grilled clams.
Since I started drinking at a late age,
I love drinking
in places with an open view.
-For example…
-Like pojangmacha, the tent bars.
Exactly. I love tent bars.
When I go overseas,
I always drink on sunny patios.
I love that.
Do you go to tent bars?
-The ones outside?
-Yes.
I do, from time to time.
Where at?
Do you know the one
under the overpass in Ichon-dong?
-By the church?
-Yes.
-That's your go-to place.
-There's always a line.
-You like that kind of vibe.
-I do.
Especially for soju.
The vibe is very important.
That's one of the few actual tent bars.
-Right.
-It still has the retro vibe.
You know that I have
a pojangmacha franchise, right?
"Hanshin Pocha."
-I love the dakbal there.
-Really? I developed the recipe.
I love it so much.
I'd buy a ton of it to go
and keep it in the fridge.
-Really?
-Even before I started drinking.
I went for the first time
shortly after I started college.
-I see.
-I watched the 2006 FIFA World Cup there.
At Hanshin Pocha in Gangnam.
That area was so busy
during the World Cup that year.
I really love dakbal.
I was running one of the locations
during the World Cup.
Whenever Korea scored,
they'd ask for the owner.
Why?
They'd clap and tap the table
and ask for the owner.
I might have been one of them.
I couldn't figure out why.
I'm not a sports fan.
I eventually found out
they wanted something on the house.
-I see. Because Team Korea won.
-Right.
"A bottle of soju for each table."
Then they'd roar with applause.
It was hilarious.
-So you gave them out?
-Yes, several times.
Even some food as well.
I'd give out a free dish or soju each time
Korea scored a goal.
-Otherwise, there could've been a riot.
-Right.
Let me tell you
why I started Hanshin Pocha.
You go to the place
under the Dongho Bridge.
Is it Wonhyo? No.
-It's the Dongjak Bridge, right?
-Right.
All the tent bars were like that.
There are cars driving by.
So you'd sit
with your back facing the road
and the people driving by
can see your back.
-If you think about it, it's dangerous.
-Right.
What if you get hit by a car?
Back then, we drank like that.
When I opened Hanshin Pocha around 1998,
I thought, "Why do we have to drink
in such a dangerous setup?"
-"Why not create a spacious place?"
-Right.
Nothing luxurious, but maybe glass walls
while keeping the tents.
That's how it came about.
-Ingenious!
-And it was a hit.
Do you have a shoot tomorrow?
Tomorrow? No. Do I have something?
-Are you ever free?
-I have my YouTube shoot.
Can you tell the brand of soju
just by tasting it?
I'm not that good.
-I just drink.
-You'd think I can since I'm asking.
I can't either.
I have a soju brand that I prefer,
but I try local soju when I travel.
For example, I'd drink Hallasan in Jeju.
-The white one?
-Yes.
-You like that soju?
-I do.
I rarely get the chance to try
local brands in Seoul.
Nowadays, there are
well-known regional brands
such as Daesun and C1.
The same goes for Chungcheong
and other provinces.
CHUM CHURUM, IJEWOOLINN
There are local soju brands
that represent each region.
Soju used to be made
using the traditional distillation method.
When diluted soju became popular,
companies adapted.
But then the government decided
that there could be only one company
per city or province.
-Just one?
-For each city or province.
Then, to prevent the big soju companies
in Seoul from monopolizing the market,
the government decided that
at least half of the sales in each region
must come from its local brands
to help protect the market.
It was called
the Regional Liquor Protection Act.
Thanks to that
we can enjoy these well-known
regional soju brands now.
CHUM CHURUM
A bottle of Chum Churum, please.
A chilled one.
CHAMISUL
A bottle of Chamisul, please.
Chamisul Fresh.
IJEWOOLINN
A bottle of Linn, please!
This soju is delicious!
IPSAEJU
A bottle of Ipsaeju, please.
Wow, that's smooth. Isn't it?
CHARM
A bottle of Charm, please.
This is amazing!
DAESUN
A bottle of Daesun, please.
Soju tastes fantastic today!
HALLASAN
A bottle of Hallasan, please.
I think I'm getting tipsy!
You know what?
A while ago, the CEOs
from all the soju companies had a meeting.
It went very well.
So they had dinner together.
Guess which soju they drank?
After all the soju company CEOs
had a meeting.
-They drank their own brand?
-It really happened. Was it in 2006?
It was in the newspaper.
-Really?
-Yes.
What they did was,
they poured all the soju
into a big kettle.
For example, a bottle of Jinro,
Chum Churum, Muhak and so on.
They mixed everything
and drank that together.
You're quite a soju connoisseur
to drink local soju when you travel.
I usually like everything.
When I was young,
I didn't know.
Food or booze,
I couldn't tell what was good or bad.
I picked up drinking
because everyone else drank,
except for me.
-I never drank.
-That's not fair.
So I had to drive everyone home
in my minivan.
-My manager and everyone else.
-Because you don't drink.
That's not fair.
So I tried it one day,
but I couldn't walk and felt dizzy.
It was not fun.
-At first, right?
-Right.
So that time…
You're the chugging type!
Please drink any way you want.
Don't mind me.
There are people who drink like you.
The late bloomers, mostly.
When I think back to when I didn't drink,
I don't remember what I did for fun.
So now,
eating and drinking
make up a huge part of my life.
-Right.
-Yes.
Even when I travel.
I travel with my mom often.
We pick a country and go.
So one time, we went to Europe.
And they asked us what we'd like to drink.
So we'd order a large bottle of water.
But because we're drinking,
we wouldn't touch the water.
So I said to my mom,
"I don't think we need to order water."
So we started to order
our drinks right away.
And it was fine.
-Also, water costs more than beer.
-That's right.
So we'd order beer with our breakfast.
Good thing you two get along.
Yes, my mom likes to drink.
-It runs in the blood.
-Yes.
Drinking gives me so much joy.
The next day is not so fun.
It's totally okay.
-What happened?
-It happens when grilling clams.
-Water, please.
-You aren't drunk, are you?
-It's okay.
-I'm not drunk.
Like I was saying, I rarely watch movies.
But I watched that one.
What was the title?
The one about poisonous herbs.
-Poisonous plant. That movie…
-I was in it? It's Detective K.
Yes, that one. I loved it.
You play an evil character in it.
-That was ten years ago.
-Not evil but--
-It was a strong character.
-Yes.
I also watched that one.
You see, I majored in social welfare.
It may sound funny, but I'm pretty honest.
I've made donations,
and the TV shows I do
aim to contribute to society.
Whenever I'm asked why I do what I do,
I honestly say
I got into this by mistake
while pretending to be a good person.
-I can relate.
-Right? I'm sure you do.
In my case…
It used to bother me a lot
but not so much anymore.
-I had a shoot once.
-Okay.
And the people had heard
I was super easygoing.
But that day… I can be timid too.
-So I was quiet all day.
-Right.
But later on, I heard people were saying,
"She's not as easygoing as we thought."
Goodness.
-So…
-I know what that's like.
Right? I'm so grateful
that people think I'm a good person.
But I'm not necessarily
such a wonderful person.
So it can be stressful
that people think so highly of me.
Totally.
I'll tell you how I've overcome…
No, how I dealt with it.
At first, I took advantage of it.
"Oh, I have such a likable public image?"
Honestly, I thought,
"I have such a likable image?"
To be honest, I used to have a foul mouth.
-Let's hear it.
-Gosh, no.
But people thought so highly of me,
so I started to watch my mouth,
which further improved my public image.
So I thought,
"I could take advantage of it."
I was hoping to use it
to benefit my business.
So I donated to good causes,
and everything I did made the news.
And that improved my reputation even more.
The good thing about it is that
it's not a bad thing to take advantage of.
Because the more
you live up to your reputation,
the closer you get to become
that person you aspired to be.
Right, it's not a bad thing.
Even if you did it with a plan
to use it for your own benefit,
as long as you keep your promise.
-You act on it.
-Right.
-It's not a lie.
-That's what matters.
It's the social welfare major in us.
We'll get another soju.
How about C1?
Yes, shall we?
-It's C1, with the letter C.
-It's you over there!
It's still there?
-Right.
-We must drink Joeunday today.
For our third bottle.
-Thank you.
-Yes, the third.
You know…
Seeing people who are
so warmhearted and giving
makes me reflect on myself.
-Really?
-And it's comforting to me.
Actors don't get such opportunities often.
But the programs that you do…
I mean, TV series and films.
The roles you play make a social impact.
Yes, when the projects do well.
I was deeply impressed
when you played that blind character.
-Right.
-Yes.
That one or the one about child abuse.
That one, yes.
Wasn't that why you chose those roles?
The visually impaired--
-It must've affected your decision.
-Miss Baek?
-Your surname was Baek in it.
-It was about child abuse.
-You're right.
-That's why I remember it.
Baek Sang-a.
Baek, Paik. We shared the same surname.
It's one of the social issues
that I'm passionate about.
Didn't you win a lot of awards?
I wasn't expecting it.
To be honest,
one of the things I cannot tolerate
is mistreatment of children.
Right.
I'm not married and I don't have kids yet,
but I love my nephews so much.
I love kids.
I majored in social welfare
because I wanted a child studies degree.
I see.
It's true I chose the role
because I felt a movie would be a good way
to raise awareness on the issue.
But before filming even began,
my casting became controversial.
Why?
Everyone thought it didn't suit me.
I'd never played a character like that.
So the investors backed out
when I got cast.
When the filming was finished,
no distributors wanted it.
As the lead actor, I felt horrible.
-There were times when I…
-Take your time.
Having this "nice girl" image
became an obstacle as an actor.
-Come on.
-Let me explain.
It was like a mold I had to fit into.
A prejudice of a sort.
"These roles won't suit her."
And Miss Baek was one of them.
Can I eat this?
-No, put it here.
-Okay.
-You can eat this. I have scallops here.
-Don't worry, we'll order more food.
We'll get the ureokgui too.
-Bukeoguk?
-No, ureokgui, grilled rockfish.
-Grilled rockfish? Nice.
-Grilled rockfish.
I saw it over there and it looked good.
GRILLED ROCKFISH
-Is this the rockfish?
-Yes.
Try it.
-We have to have ramyeon later.
-Of course.
I was in Busan two and a half years ago
for the Busan International Film Festival.
That's when Miss Baek came out.
Don't celebrities drink a lot
during film festivals?
-But there was a storm.
-Oh no.
-We couldn't go to the tent bars.
-When was it?
It was October of 2018.
I know this
because my wife comes to film festivals.
She's already drunk
when I call her at 10 p.m.
How did you two meet?
-Through a mutual friend.
-Right.
That's why I'm not a big fan
of the film festival here.
-Because she drinks a lot?
-She's already drunk by early evening.
I go, "What are you doing?"
-And she goes, "You don't know."
-Right.
"Everyone drinks here."
You don't get mad, right?
Never. And she asks me
to come to Busan right away.
-I'm like, "How?"
-She asks you to come?
My gosh, that's so lovely!
You should've listened to her.
-I got work to do.
-Why didn't you join her?
That's why I don't like
the film festival here.
She gets drunk every time she's here.
But later on, she told me…
She and I drink often at home.
-You still do?
-Sure.
I only drink with the same people.
I either drink at home with my wife
or with my friend and business partner
who's been with my company the longest.
I drink with him.
Who do you drink with?
I usually drink with my family.
But recently
I started
hanging out with the actors
that I work with.
I really love soju
because it's so cost-efficient.
It's the best.
I'm not a big fan of spending
a lot of money on booze.
-The same goes for wine.
-I see.
-Nothing's more cost-efficient than this.
-Right.
With certain foods,
soju is the only way to go.
Like gopchang.
-You like gopchang?
-And hagfish.
Wine doesn't go well with that.
Neither does makgeolli.
You like gopchang , I see.
I love it.
By the way, I wanted to ask you
if there are any restaurants
that you always go to
whenever you're in Busan.
-I recommend "Baekhwa Yanggopchang."
-Baekhwa Yanggopchang? Where's that?
Next to Jagalchi Market.
It looks like a bar.
-Baekhwa Yanggopchang.
-Can we get a new grill?
When you get there,
the tables are all numbered.
The setup looks like a bar.
Which hangover soup
will you have tomorrow?
Probably either bokguk or daegutang.
Bokguk, daegutang, or dwaeji gukbap?
That is hard.
Bokguk, daegutang, or dwaeji gukbap…
-Dwaeji gukbap since I like meat.
-Me too! Where?
-Ssangdungi?
-Ssangdungi? In Haeundae?
Ssangdungi. Hold on.
My original favorite was Masan Restaurant.
But it became too famous.
I don't mind the crowd
as long as the food is good.
Then, Masan Restaurant.
Let me lift it for you.
What does Masan Restaurant offer?
It's one of the original
dwaeji gukbap places.
What will you have for dinner
after hangover soup?
After my hangover soup,
the dinner will be…
-Busan-style mulhoe.
-I love that.
You mix it and eat with rice.
Go to Donghae Mulhoe.
Got it.
-If you still have time after that…
-I have lots of time.
Go to Choryang-dong,
across the street from the Busan Station.
-Where?
-Choryang-dong.
The entire area is Chinatown.
-The dumplings?
-That, too.
-And nanjianwanzi.
-I love them!
-You do?
-Totally!
The place is called Geumryong!
Geumryong. I got it.
I love dumplings so much.
You like dumplings?
I do. It's my favorite part
when I'm eating tteokmanduguk.
The Internet is the only place
I can get such information.
-So I only know the famous places.
-I know a lot.
-Pardon?
-I know many good places.
Have you wondered
why all soju bottles are green?
-They're all green.
-Right.
CHARM
I'm going to sound really old
if I tell you this story
but I'm gonna tell you anyway.
A long time ago,
soju bottles had different colors
like pale blue and black.
Imongryong and Jebiwon used to be
pale blue colors.
KIM SATGAT, SUPER GOLD, BOBAE
GEUMBOK
You probably have no idea.
This was ages ago.
Starting with the brand, Green,
soju companies began to use green bottles.
CHUM CHURUM, GREEN, JOEUNDAY, CHAMISUL
Here's an interesting story.
They started the green bottle trend
among all the soju companies.
And the government stepped in and said,
"We shouldn't waste the bottles."
-Because people would just break them.
-Right.
So the government suggested
they all use the same type of bottle.
Since there were a few soju companies,
they could just share the bottles.
See? They look the same
without the labels.
When I was young, after you drank soju,
the bar owners would return the bottles
into corresponding boxes.
-Really?
-They'd collect the empties like that.
Daesun in the Daesun box.
C1 bottles in the C1 box.
The same goes for Jinro bottles
and all other brands.
But when I was running my tent bar,
alcohol distribution companies would come
and just collect all the bottles.
They'd collect the bottles
in any box they could grab.
So I asked them,
"Isn't it hard to sort the bottles later?"
They said things have changed
and now they all share the bottles.
Really?
And there's another funny story.
For example, there's a Jinro bottle,
but the embossed logo on the bottle
is different.
-Right.
-So people thought it was a fake.
For example, it'd have a Jinro label
but with a different brand's logo
embossed on the bottle.
And because of that,
people used to say they were knockoffs.
It's a fun memory.
JOEUNDAY, DAESUN, C1
DAESUN
EMPTY BOTTLES COLLECTED
DAESUN, JOEUNDAY, CHAMISUL, WHITE
WASHED
DAESUN
CHECKED FOR IMPURITIES
FILLED
LABELED
DAESUN
They're eating Chapagetti over there.
In that pot.
-It's time for our ramyeon.
-Totally. But I think that's Chapagetti.
-They even cook Chapagetti for you here?
-No, wait!
Time to order Joeunday now.
-That's right.
-Excuse me!
-We don't have to drink it, but…
-A bottle of Joeunday, please.
-Since we're here, let's try all three.
-That's right.
-We have to have ramyeon.
-Yes, it's a must.
-We must eat it.
-I actually like noodles better than rice.
Don't actresses avoid it
since it makes their faces puffy?
Not me.
I even love checking out
all the newly released ramyeon products.
-You must really love ramyeon.
-I can live on ramyeon.
It's my comfort food.
-Noodles in general.
-That's so funny.
I think Korean ramyeons are amazing.
I'm proud of them.
-Korea makes the best instant noodles.
-Totally.
I travel all over the world.
I always buy ramyeon from other countries
to try them.
And Korean ramyeon is the best
and not because I'm Korean.
I agree.
They do a good job. What's your favorite?
What kind of ramyeon do you like?
With soup or no soup?
That's apples and oranges.
Jjajangmyeon doesn't need soup.
What's your favorite? A soupy one?
No, my absolute favorite is…
CHAPAGETTI, JIN RAMEN, SNACK RAMEN,
SHIN RAMYUN
BIBIM MEN, ANSUNGTANGMYUN
HOT CHICKEN FLAVOR RAMEN, SARIGOMTANG
I like Snack Ramen.
-Me too. It's good with rice.
-It cooks fast. Yes.
My favorite is Chapagetti.
I see.
For the soupy ones,
-I like Jin Ramen, the spicy kind.
-I like the mild ones too.
JIN RAMEN SPICY, CHAPAGETTI
JIN RAMEN SPICY
RAMYEON POWERHOUSE
RAMYEON
-What's your cure for hangovers?
-Hangover?
Recently…
-I've been eating porridge.
-Porridge?
Or I'd get a burger.
In my day,
we ate jjajangmyeon to look cool.
-You know what?
-What?
There's a world famous beverage
that's known to cure hangovers.
It's called IdH.
-I, D…
-IdH.
When you write IdH,
what does it look like?
-I, D, H?
-It's funny.
-Try writing IdH like this.
-I see, IdH.
What's that in Korean?
IdH.
-Dae?
-Bae.
"Bae"?
IdH. It looks like "Bae" in Korean.
-Bae, as in "pear."
-That's correct.
You know the crushed pear juice?
That's my go-to hangover drink.
Many of us do.
But it's become famous
even outside of Korea
as a magical hangover cure.
Foreign pears taste
nothing like Korean pears.
Australia is
the biggest importer of Korean pears.
And they tested to see
whether it can really cure hangovers.
It's actually high in asparagine.
A foreign magazine tested it to see
whether it helps treat hangovers.
It turns out, it's really effective.
JOEUNDAY, CHAMISUL, CHARM, DAESUN
LINN, CHUM CHURUM, HALLASAN
BEAT YOUR HANGOVER
CRUSHED PEAR
MADE WITH KOREAN PEARS
-You really like to drink.
-Pardon?
You like to drink.
-It's great.
-But the thing is
I eat a lot when I drink.
-Drinking is all about the food.
-Right?
Yes, of course.
I never want to drink when I'm full.
I only drink when I'm hungry.
Never when I'm full.
I just really love this vibe.
When I drink, I care a great deal
about the lighting and music.
-That's what all late bloomers say.
-Are you calling me an amateur?
I have control over them
when I drink at home, but not here.
I never drink when I'm sad.
That's good.
You see, drinking…
It makes me happier on good days.
And it's like a friend on bad days.
But when I'm drinking alone,
I only drink beer or wine.
Soju is…
-I feel pitiful if I drink soju alone.
-It looks lame.
Yes, exactly!
But surprisingly,
when I have someone to drink soju with,
I just love that interaction.
When I think about the things in life
that make me happy,
I feel the happiest
when I see my loved ones happy.
I'm happiest when I'm having good food
over nice drinks with the people I love
and sharing experiences with them.
That's the right way to drink.
-You think so?
-Yes.
That's great.
I don't crave for wine or beer
when I drink with people.
But when you drink soju with people,
it helps you bond at a deeper level.
DAESUN
JOEUNDAY
But I can't drink soju by myself.
Soju has this power to…
It bonds people.
It brings people together.
It breaks the ice and helps you
befriend even those you barely know.
Totally.
But I can't drink it by myself.
It makes sense.
CHO-RONG, I PRAY YOU'LL BE BORN HEALTHY!
FROM MOM
SANG-JIN & JI-WON
LET'S BE HAPPY TOGETHER
-I need to use the bathroom.
-Sure.
Where's the restroom?
-Over there, on the left.
-Okay.
Mom.
-Hey.
-You're at my place.
-Yeah.
-What are you doing?
How many bottles have you had?
We only had three bottles.
Look, here.
-What did you have for dinner?
-Yeah.
-What?
-What did you have for dinner?
Your uncle took us out for hoe.
I see. Are you sleeping there tonight?
Yeah.
Okay.
Come meet my mom.
-Mom.
-Yes?
Meet seonbaenim.
-Hello.
-Nice to meet you.
-This is my mom.
Let's grab a drink together next time.
-Mom, he lives in our neighborhood.
-My gosh!
I'll invite you to my place.
-She'll be…
-Come over sometime.
I'll make makgeolli.
-Thank you for inviting me.
-She drinks a lot.
That's okay.
All right, Mom. Good night.
Bye.
You have to invite us over.
-Sure thing.
-We'll be there.
Yes, of course!
-I'll pour you one.
-Let me pour you one.
I love a fun night
of drinking with friends
where everyone's having a great time.
But if I drink when I'm stressed or sad,
it makes me feel even sadder.
I once drank when I got my heart broken.
Someone broke your heart? Crazy bastard!
Come on.
No one would believe you.
My goodness.
-But I was…
-Some guys are just too spoiled.
It happens, you know.
But I think listing excuses
as to why you want to break up
is such a cowardly thing to do.
You can end things because
you don't love the person as much anymore.
I don't know.
Looking back now, I think
it's good to experience
many things in life, good or bad.